I'll see who dares to move
What's up?
The old lady is sick again
I recognize you as Master Jiang
Lin Ting, you are finally here.
They have a lot of people
Bullying me and my granddaughter-in-law
It's alright, I'm here, right?
Since everyone is here, Auntie
Then you and Jiaojiao come on stage to announce the engagement party
Yes, take your wife up
What daughter-in-law
What engagement?
I don't want to
It's a collaboration.
Just came to attend as a merchant
You have a lot of good performances on your birthday today
Now the eyes of the Xu family are lost
It turned out that the Xu family directed and acted
People didn't like it at all
Gu Yunting is not engaged
Everything he told me was true
Didn't you say that the daughter-in-law is in the Xu family?
Who else besides Jiaojiao?
You made your own decision
Of course the person I like is not Xu Jiao
Yunting, you gave me such an expensive bracelet.
Who else could I be?
Miss Xu, this is my food.
Mr. Gu didn't mean to give you this bracelet.
This bracelet
I gave it to you just to celebrate.
It's just a business gift that doesn't allow the two to cooperate.
You think too much.
Mom, you have to call the shots for me
That little aunt
Who do you like? The person I like
I don't want to roll
Into the messy grudges of the rich and powerful
Gu Yunting, don't hurt me